The next is task size.
The task size allows you to specify a fixed size for your tasks.
So basically in one task there can be one or more containers.
The task size is required for task using the Fargate launch type and is optional for the EC2 or external
launch type.
Container level memory settings are optional when task size is set.
The task size is not supported for the windows container.
So here you have to keep in mind that in one task there could be one or more containers.
So here you can choose the task memory.
Suppose I'm choosing 400 for my this task and for task CPU limit and suppose I'm going one virtual
CPU and then click on add containers.
So let me click on that one.
Now here you have to specify the detail about your container.
So what exactly you want to run as a container in your task?
So first you have to give the name I'm giving nginx a web server.
So that would be the name of my container.
And this time I'm taking this nginx latest.
So it is going to download the nginx image from the Docker hub and it will create your nginx web server.
And here I've taken the latest version of your nginx and memory limits.
So here we have 2 option the hard limit and the soft limit so you can choose both of them.
It is up to you.
So suppose I have chosen 350 and soft limit.
So whenever you are giving both hard limit and soft limit, the hard limit is always greater than the
soft limit.
So say for example, I have given 200.
So like this way you can define the limit.
So what is hard limit here?
Suppose I have given 350 MB memory for this task.
And suppose this container which is running and it is started consuming memory and if it is more than
350 MB, what will happen?
Your container would be terminated or stop.
So that's the hard limit.
But for soft limit it is just like to reserve that memory for the task.
So here, if you want to get more detail about it, you can just click on this icon.
You will get more detail about this one.
And here the port mapping.
So as of now, the host port I am giving 80 and the container port I'm giving 80.
So the request first will go to the EC2 instance that is your host port 80 and then the request
will forward to the container on port number 80.
And here all other entries.
Let me go with the default and finally just click on ADD.
So here you can see this container definition has been added to by this task.
Suppose if you want to add more container to this task, you can add here we have an option and finally click
on the create.
So this way your task definition has been created.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.